Crons initial docs (#5985)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/crons/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting
sidebar_order: 3
---

> ## Cron monitor isn't notifying me of failures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cron Monitor Isn't Notifying Me of Failures
```

> If your cron monitor isn't sending any notifications, ensure that your alert rule is set up with the appropriate [filters](/product/crons/alerts/#step-1-set-filters) and [alert rule actions](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#then-conditions-actions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cron monitor isn't sending any notifications, make sure that your alert rule is set up with the appropriate [filters](/product/crons/alerts/#step-1-set-filters) and [alert rule actions](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#then-conditions-actions).
```

I would add the feedback section here rather than have it live on a separate page.
